add options.udsGracefulErrorHandling to enable sockere-creation with … (#116)
brightcove/hot-shots: README.md

* `useDefaultRoute`: Use the default interface on a Linux system. Useful when running in containers
* `protocol`: Use `tcp` option for TCP protocol, or `uds` for the Unix Domain Socket protocol. Defaults to UDP otherwise
* `path`: Used only when the protocol is `uds`. Defaults to `/var/run/datadog/dsd.socket`.

> * `udsGracefulErrorHandling`: Used only when the protocol is `uds`. Boolean indicating wether to handle socket errors gracefully. defaults falsey

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `udsGracefulErrorHandling`: Used only when the protocol is `uds`. Boolean indicating whether to handle socket errors gracefully.  Defaults to true.
```

Note the suggestion above to default to true- it sounds like this is really broken without this being enabled, correct?  Any problems with having it default to true
